this mountain shop your friends are
arrived sir he's waiting for you at every
forgotten corner
thanks to fred
to yours sorry for the delay I
end of the paperwork it's not
serious we take advantage and taqwa manor the
is coming to an end and that's when
that batman takes him by the collar and he
said and this enigma you know her
illogical overboard it really
the sense of sharing is clear we have
a lot of luck to have it at gotham
I have so much to know who is
really yes yes not perfect either
Batman
how is it not, but it's just that he
does justice himself believe himself to
above the laws but you're too right
but it's clear that I never had
seen that from this angle but it's
completely abused yes good it's not no
the more we waited but it happens
step people on the street and does this
what he wants what you saw his
batmobile
they do not respect the laws and it is
tuning fan already have batmobile the guy
downright but his name on his car
like the melon ouf
what I do not like a clio like everything
the world is true that's true
it's smaller it takes less space
and more discreet passed by no
the more the guy rolls in the wrong direction
supporting these gadgets all over the
road like that the sailing and the little ones
boomerang the batarang again
sir that we do not have that it's a
medium new technique that I come
now gotham it's become a real
minefield makes more passes in
guard who fills you in the mouth of the club
apparently he would have hit an old
well no it's anything now
evidence to the contrary
no the beautiful hit becomes cold
ricou that's what have to do that without
messing around he does not have the right to arrive
like it's top
I am made man
and batman but yes I am and batman game
after dycker i'm batman & spa yes
but in fact it is a wreck also said
yes to all yes I know the baht signal
to batignolles downright like that
gordon turned on signal and here is issued
a problem in town so I hope that
now had to intervene it's me
who turned on the signal there he goes
intervene quickly that I'm young
and even a game with my effigy wanted
more but its 107th look like that what
he still has a suit enough
stylish a chord with abs and there
the Batman fans time but he is
too stylish your disguise you have
bought or I want the same if the months and
that huh
he replica of the Batmobile was downright
cleans Here you express
I am batmag the real why are you saying
nothing because I have to say something
thing but of course everybody has
found it ok yes I'm robin it's not
true but it was seen beating 7-6 te
I'm really fed up with it
is not done even if we know the respect
I am